Welcome to the Deployment section in the standard group program.
I'm Jennifer Stub, an expert in cloud computing.
My passion for cloud computing was ignited when I began using
Amazon Web Services for genomic research at a pharmaceutical company in 2012.
Using cloud computing services provide
secure supercomputing capability for
big data analytics that I could build and manage alone.
With this deployment section,
you'll be developing, training, validating,
and deploying machine learning models using Amazon SageMaker service.
While you'll use SageMaker for deployment,
the skills you'll be learning are applicable to
any production environment that aims to deploy machine learning models,
and deep learning models with Python.
We'll keep this lesson platform-neutral,
we want to make sure that you get a good foundation in deployment.
So, that you're able to apply this knowledge using any Cloud Platform in the future.
With this lesson, we begin by providing you with an understanding of Cloud Computing.
Next, the lesson we'll focus on how machine learning is typically used in the workplace.
Deployment is a critical part of the machine learning workflow in the workplace.
With this final lesson,
we'll examine deployment, and how it fits within the machine learning workflow.